Added a new FAQ page to the repo docs (#345)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.perception: com.unity.perception/Documentation~/FAQ/FAQ.md

  * Set the **Surface Type** for the material to **Transparent**, and set the alpha channel of the **Base Map** color to 0.
    * For HDRP: In addition to the above, disable **Preserve specular lighting** 
   
  An example labeled output for an object with separate labels on inner objects and decals is shown below:

<p align="center">
<img src="images/inner_labels.gif" width="600"/>
</p> 

---
</details>

<details>
  <summary><strong>Q: When visible surfaces of two objects are fully aligned, the bounding boxes seem to blink in and out of existence from one frame to another. Why is that?</strong></summary><br>

This is due to a common graphics problem called *z-fighting*. This occurs when the shader can't decide which of the two surfaces to draw on top of the other, since they both have the exact same distance from the camera. To fix this, simply move one of the objects slightly so that the two problematic surfaces do not fully align.

---
</details>

## <a name="randomization">Randomization</a>

<details>
  <summary><strong>Q: How can I have multiple sets of prefabs in a foreground placement Randomizer, and on every Iteration select one from each set?</strong>
  </summary><br>

>   This question is an example of more complex functionality that can be achieved by applying slight modifications to the provided sample Randomizers, or by creating completely custom ones by extending the `Randomizer` class. 

Reviewer: This definitely seems like a randomizer that we should add to @aryan-mann's randomizer list

Author: yes, we will need to put some of these in that library.

    protected override void OnIterationStart()
    {
        //select a random prefab from each cluster
        foreach (var cluster in clusters)
        {
            var prefab = cluster.clusterPrefabs.Sample();
            //do things with this prefab, e.g. create instances of it, etc. 
        }
    }
}
  ```
This Randomizer takes a list of `PrefabCluster` assets, then, on each Iteration, it goes through all the provided clusters and samples one prefab from each. The ***Inspector*** view for this Randomizer looks like this:

<p align="center">
<img src="images/cluster_randomizer.png" width="400"/>
</p>  

---
</details>

<details>
  <summary><strong>Q: How can I specify an exact number of objects to place using the sample foreground object placement Randomizer?</strong> </summary><br>

The provided `ForegroundObjectPlacementRandomizer` uses Poisson Disk sampling to find randomly positioned points in the space denoted by the provided `Width` and `Height` values. The lower bound on the distance between the sampled points will be `Separation Distance`. The number of sampled points will be the maximum number of points in the given area that match these criteria.

> 

Reviewer: Another thing that maybe should be added to the default randomizers

Author: 👍

> Thus, to limit the number of spawned objects, you can simply introduce a hard limit in the `for` loop that iterates over the Poisson Disk samples, to break out of the loop if the limit is reached. For example:

Reviewer 2: The order of the placement points will likely need to be randomized before for looping over them. Poisson disk placement points are sampled relative to existing points, so the first couple points will be more tightly clustered than later points.

Author: Good point! Will add that in.

    float CalculateMaxSeparationDistance(ICollection<GameObject> categories)
    {
        var maxBoundsSize = m_GameObjectBoundsSizeCache.Where(item => categories.Contains(item.Key)).Max(pair => pair.Value); 
        return maxBoundsSize * m_ScaleFactor * nonOverlapGuarantee;
    }

    float CalculateAverageBoundsSize()
    {
        foreach (var category in prefabs.categories)
        {
            var prefab = category.Item1;

            prefab.transform.localScale = Vector3.one;
            var renderers = prefab.GetComponentsInChildren<Renderer>();
            var totalBounds = new Bounds();
            foreach (var renderer in renderers)
            {
                totalBounds.Encapsulate(renderer.bounds);
            }

            var boundsSize = totalBounds.size.magnitude;
            m_GameObjectBoundsSizeCache.Add(prefab, boundsSize);
        }

        return m_GameObjectBoundsSizeCache.Values.Average();
    }
}

  ```
---
</details>

<details>
  <summary><strong>Q: What if I don't want randomized object placement? Can I move my objects in a non-randomized deterministic manner on each frame?</strong> </summary><br>

> 

Reviewer: An alternative way to do this is to use a ConstantSampler

Author: 👍

* `OnEnable`
* `OnAwake`
* `OnUpdate`
* `OnIterationStart`
* `OnIterationEnd`
* `OnScenarioStart`
* `OnScenarioComplete`
* `OnDisable`

So, in order to have deliberate non-random object movement, you will just need to put your object movement code inside of one of the recurrent lifecycle functions. `OnUpdate()` runs on every frame of the simulation, and `OnIterationStart()` runs every Iteration (which can be the same as each frame if you have only 1 frame per Iteration of your Scenario). For example, the code below moves all objects tagged with the component `ForwardMoverTag` by along their forward axis by 1 unit, on every Iteration. 

```C#
protected override void OnIterationStart()
{
    var tags = tagManager.Query<ForwardMoverTag>();
    foreach (var tag in tags)
    {
        tag.transform.Translate(Vector3.forward);
    }
}
```
---
</details>

<details>

>   <summary><strong>Q: The objects instantiated using the sample foreground placement Randomizer are floating in the air. How can I use this Randomizer to place objects on a horizontal surface instead?</strong> </summary><br>

Reviewer 2: One more method of note for placing objects on a horizontal surface is to create a custom placement randomizer similar to the existing foreground placement randomizer, but placed along the XZ plane instead of the XY plane.

Author: 👍

The objects instantiated by the sample foreground Randomizer are all parented to an object named `Foreground Objects` at the root of the Scene Hierarchy. To modify the orientation of the objects, you can simply rotate this parent object at the beginning of the Scenario. 

Alternatively, you could also place `Foreground Objects` inside another GameObject in the Scene using the `Transform.SetParent()` method, and then modify the local position and rotation of `Foreground Objects` in such a way that makes the objects appear on the surface of the parent GameObject. 

To achieve more natural placement, you could also use Unity's physics engine to drop the objects on a surface, let them settle, and then capture an image. To achieve this, you would just need to have sufficient frames in each Iteration of the Scenario (instead of the default 1 frame per iteration), and set your Perception Camera's capture interval to a large enough number that would make it capture each Iteration once after the objects have settled. This example is explained in more detail in the [Perception Camera](#perception-camera) section of this FAQ.

> 

Reviewer: Not that this belongs in the FAQ, but just a thought. We should probably provide a scene (along side the 3box & human pose scenes) that does just this. This probably would be a nice example to include with the package.

Author: I agree, this type of setup is tricky to think of without any samples.

  <summary><strong>Q: What is the relationship between the Scenario's lifecycle properties (Iterations and Frames per Iteration) and the Perception Camera's timing properties (Simulation Delta Time, Start at Frame, and Frames Between Captures)?</strong> </summary><br>

Each Iteration of the Scenario resets the Perception Camera's timing variables. Thus, you can think of each Iteration of the Scenario as one separate Perception Camera sequence, in which the camera's internal timing properties come into play. For instance, if you have 10 `Frames Per Iteration` on your Scenario, and your Perception Camera's `Start at Frame` value is set to 8, you will get two captures from the camera at the 9th and 10th frames of each Iteration (note that `Start at Frame` starts from 0). Similarly, you can use the `Frames Between Captures` to introduce intervals between captures. A value of 0 leads to all frames being captured.

---
</details>

<details>
  <summary><strong>Q: I want to simulate physics (or other accumulative behaviors such as auto-exposure) for a number of frames and let things settle before capturing the Scene. Is this possible with the Perception package?</strong></summary><br>

> 

Reviewer: I would add a line here that just said "Yes." and then in the next paragraph start the explanation.

Suppose we need to drop a few objects into the Scene, let them interact physically and settle after a number of frames, and then capture their final state once. Afterwards, we want to repeat this cycle by randomizing the initial positions of the objects, dropping them, and capturing the final state again. We will set the Scenario's `Frames Per Iteration` to 300, which should be sufficient for the objects to get close to a settled position (this depends on the value you use for `Simulation Delta Time` in Perception Camera and the physical properties of the engine and objects, and can be found through experimentation). We also set the `Start at Frame` value of the Perception Camera to 290, and the `Frames Between Captures` to a sufficiently large number (like 100), so that we only get one capture per Iteration of the Scenario. The results look like below. Note how the bounding boxes only update after the objects are fairly settled. These are the timestamps at which captures are happening.

> 

Reviewer: Also, after seeing the gif, we should disable visuals after the scene resets until we do another capture, the "ghost" boxes of the previous capture are confusing.

Author: updated the gif with a temporary workaround for now (clear boxes on iteration end)

<p align="center">
<img src="images/object_drop.gif" width="700"/>
</p>  

---
</details>

<details>
  <summary><strong>Q: I do not want Perception Camera to control the delta time of my simulation or capture on a scheduled basis. Can I have a Perception Camera in my Scene that does not affect timings and trigger captures manually from other scripts?</strong></summary><br>

Yes. The Perception Camera offers two trigger modes, `Scheduled` and `Manual`, and these can be chosen in the editor UI for the Perception Camera component. If you select the `Manual` mode, you will be able to trigger captures by calling the `RequestCapture()` method of `PerceptionCamera`. In this mode, you have the option to not have this camera dictate your simulation delta time. This is controlled using the `Affect Simulation Timing` checkbox.

---
</details>

<details>
  <summary><strong>Q: Can I have multiple Perception Cameras active in my Scene simultaneously?</strong></summary><br>

> We currently do not support multiple active Perception Cameras, but you may be able to get things working partially if you clone the repository and modify parts of the code to fix some of the more easy-to-fix issues such as file sharing errors. You would also need to use render textures on all cameras. That said, there are still issues with the render pipeline that may prevent you from using Labelers of the same kind with different Label Configs on these cameras.

Reviewer: I'm not sure that I would include this paragraph. I think I would just go with something like: "No, at this time the Perception package only supports one perception camera. It is something that is on our roadmap and we hope to support soon. Until then a workaround could be..." and then bring in the next paragraph.

Author: 👍

---
</details>

<details>
  <summary><strong>Q: My RGB images look darker than what I see in Unity Editor, when I render the Perception Camera to a texture. How can I fix this?</strong>
</summary><br>

This issue is caused by the color format of the texture. In the ***Inspector*** view of the render texture, set color format to `R8G8B8A8_SRGB`.

---
</details>

<details>
  <summary><strong>Q: How do I report additional custom information in my output dataset for each frame or the whole simulation (e.g. 3D position of objects at the start of each Iteration, intensity of lights, etc.)?</strong>
</summary><br>

This can be done by adding custom annotations to your dataset. Have a look at [this](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/com.unity.perception/blob/master/com.unity.perception/Documentation%7E/DatasetCapture.md) page for an explanation, as well as an example for how to do this. 

---
</details>

## <a name="miscellaneous">Miscellaneous</a>

<details>
  <summary><strong>Q: Objects in my captured images have jagged edges, how can I fix this?</strong>
</summary><br>

> This is a common issue with rendering graphics into pixel grids (digital images), when the resolution of the grid is not high enough to perfectly display slanting lines. The common solution to this issue is the use of anti-aliasing methods, and Unity offers a number of these in both URP and HDRP. To experiment with anti-aliasing, go to the ***Inspector*** view of your Perception Camera object and in the Camera component, change `Anti-aliasing` from `None` to another option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a common issue with rendering graphics into raster images (digital images), when the resolution of the raster is not high enough to perfectly display slanting lines. The common solution to this issue is the use of anti-aliasing methods, and Unity offers a number of these in both URP and HDRP. To experiment with anti-aliasing, go to the ***Inspector*** view of your Perception Camera object and in the Camera component, change `Anti-aliasing` from `None` to another option.
```
